## Introduction of `erisemail.conf`
#### Path: `/etc/erisemail/erisemail.conf`
#### Encoding
* The encoding way of storage in MySQL/MariaDB(just only support UTF-8, GB2312 and UCS2)，and the default value is UTF-8.
* Please don't change this key's value after installing database of eRisemail(after running sudo eriseutil --install)
* If need change this key's value, please convert the HTML files to corresponding format via tools and modify the charset in all HTML files' content before installing the eRisemail database.

`<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=[GB2312|UTF-8|UCS2]" />`

#### EmailDomainName
* The postfix of your email.

#### LocalHostName
* The hostname of local computer

#### HostIP
* The ip of localhost, can be empty

#### DNSServer
* The ip of a usable dns server, can not be empty

#### MDAMaxCocurrentConnNum
* Maximum number of connection for email MDA

#### MTAEnable
* Enable MTA (yes/no)

#### MTARelayThreadNum
* the number of forwarding thread, if your mail server has a large of email to forward to others mail server every day. You can increase the values by depending your local computer's performance. The default value is 3.

#### SMTPEnable
* Enable SMTP(yes/no)

#### SMTPPort
* The port of SMTP service

#### EnableSMTPTLS
* Enable TLS for SMTP(yes/no). recommend to set no.

#### EnableRelay
* Enable relay function. recommend to set no, for reject junk mail.

#### SMTPHostNameCheck
* Enable checking the match of client's hostname and ip at SMTP session

#### POP3Enable
* Enable POP3 service.(yes/no)

#### POP3Port
* The port of POP3 service

#### EnablePOP3TLS
* Enable TLS for POP3(yes/no)

#### IMAPEnable
* Enable IMAP service.(yes/no)

#### IMAPPort
* The port of IMAP service

#### EnableIMAPTLS
* Enable TLS for IMAP(yes/no)

#### SMTPSEnable
* Enable SMTPS service.(yes/no)

#### SMTPSPort
* The port of POP3 service

#### POP3SEnable
* Enable POP3S service.(yes/no)

#### POP3SPort
* The port of POP3S service

#### IMAPSEnable
* Enable IMAPS service.(yes/no)

#### IMAPSPort
* The port of IMAPS service

#### HTTPEnable
* Enable HTTP Web service.(yes/no)

#### HTTPPort
* The port of HTTP web service

#### HTTPSEnable
* Enable HTTPS Web service.(yes/no)

#### HTTPSPort
* The port of HTTPS Web service

#### XMPPEnable
* Enable XMPP service.(yes/no)

#### XMPPPort
* The port of XMPP service

#### XMPPSPort
* The port of SSL-based XMPP service

#### EncryptXMPP
* 0: Non-encrypted or TLS optional; 1: TLS required; 2: Old-SSL-based;

#### XMPPFederationEnable
* Enable XMPP federation feature

#### XMPPSrvToSrvPort
* XMPP server-server port

#### XMPPWorkerThreadNum
* XMPP workder thread number

#### LocalLDAPEnable
* Enable LDAP service.(yes/no)

#### LocalLDAPPort
* The port of LDAP service

#### LocalLDAPSPort = 8636
* The port of SSL-based LDAP service

#### EncryptLocalLDAP
* Enable or disable SSL-based LDAP service. (yes/no)

#### PrivatePath
* The directory path of private and temporary files

#### HDFSHost 
* HDFS host

#### HDFSPort 
* HDFS port

#### HDFSUser 
* HDFS User

#### HDFSPath 
* HDFS Path for erisemail

#### HTMLPath
* The directory path of web files

#### CARootCrt
* The root certification

#### CAServerCrt
* The server's certification

#### CAServerKey
* The key file for server's certification

#### CAPassword
* The encoded password of server's certification(for safety, it SHOULD be generated by `eriseutil --encode [password]`)

#### CAVerifyClient
* Verify the client's certification. This option must be enabled when desire to support EXTERNAL authentication way.

#### CAClientBaseDir 
* The Clients' certification base directory

#### KRB5_KTNAME
* Kerberos 5 KeyTab File Path

#### DBHost
* The MySQL/MariaDB database server's hostname or ip

#### DBPort
* MySQL/MariaDB Server Port. 0 means to use Unix Socket for connection.

#### DBName
* The database name for your system which will be created

#### DBUser
* The user of MySQL/MariaDB Server

#### DBPassword
* The user's password(for safety, it SHOULD be generated by `eriseutil --encode [password]`)

#### DBSockFile
* MySQL/MariaDB Unix Socket File Path. Empty means to use TCP/IP for connection.

#### DBMaxConn
* The Maximum limited number of connection with MySQL/MariaDB for every service

##### Master DB information MUST be set. Keep same with local DB's in master server
#### MasterDBHost
* The Master MySQL/MariaDB database server's hostname or ip

#### MasterDBPort
* Master MySQL/MariaDB Server Port. 0 means to use Unix Socket for connection.

#### MasterDBName
* The Master database name for your system which will be created

#### MasterDBUser
* The user of Master MySQL/MariaDB Server

#### MasterDBPassword
* The user's password of Master DB(for safety, it SHOULD be generated by `eriseutil --encode [password]`)

#### MasterDBSockFile
* Master MySQL/MariaDB Unix Socket File Path. Empty means to use TCP/IP for connection.

#### MasterDBMaxConn
* The Maximum limited number of connection with Master MySQL/MariaDB for every service

#### MEMCACHEDList
* memcached server list(Format: IP:port). Can be more than one MEMCACHEDList.

## Introducation of erisemail's utilities

#### eriseutil	
* The utility of erisemail system
 
```
Usage:eriseutil --install
Usage:eriseutil --uninstall
Usage:eriseutil --ldapsync
Usage:eriseutil --add     --USER <user name> <password> <alias> [--ADMIN|--STANDARD]
Usage:eriseutil --add     --USER <user name> <alias> [--ADMIN|--STANDARD]
Usage:eriseutil --del     <user name>
Usage:eriseutil --add     --GROUP <group name> <alias>
Usage:eriseutil --del     <group name>
Usage:eriseutil --passwd  <user name>
Usage:eriseutil --append  <user name> <group name>
Usage:eriseutil --remove  <user name> <group name>
Usage:eriseutil --list    --LEVEL
Usage:eriseutil --apply   --LEVEL <user name> <level id>
Usage:eriseutil --set     --DEFAULT <level id>
Usage:eriseutil --add     --LEVEL <level name>
                           <level description>
                           <max-size of per mail>
                           <max-size of whole inbox>
                           <audit [yes|no]>
                           <threshold of whole mail size >
                           <threshold of all attachments size>
Usage:eriseutil --list    --USER
Usage:eriseutil --list    --GROUP <group name>
Usage:eriseutil --disable <user|group name>
Usage:eriseutil --host    <user name> <host name>
Usage:eriseutil --enable  <user|group name>
Usage:eriseutil --encode
```
## Introduction WebMail and WebAdmin
* Siance v1.3, the system has a built-in web server, and it both supports HTTP and HTTPS.
* WebMail UI's URL: http://IP:8080 or https://IP:8081
* WebAdmin UI's URL: http://IP:8080/admin or https://IP:8081/admin

## Introduction of `domain.list`
* Path: /etc/erisemail/domain.list
* Local domains list
* Support multiple domains, share account id, non-independed

## Introduction of `permit.list`
* Path: /etc/erisemail/permit.list
* User can add the permitted IP(s) to the file. And can be used * to match any substring.

## Introduction of `reject.list`
* Path: /etc/erisemail/reject.list
* User can add the rejected IP(s) to the file. And can be used * to match any substring.

## Introduction of `webadmin.list`
* Path: /etc/erisemail/webadmin.list
* The list of IPs which can access the management web UI. And can be used * to match any substring.
